when I was a may be different from the other branch of the military. It's
the day's sail. They John Paul Jones. More thing about the Navy
is way our suffer. Like when you even anger realize the other way it
sell old arising. You are part of that crew are on that ship very independent,
and it forces you to be mush wars. Would I have much more
self reliant Then the Army or the Air Force officers got leads are
part of the dates Said that Lorraine's. But frankly, the Air Force
they return tone base. Okay, B to B 52 outstanding aircraft and they
fly home. Everything okay? I'm out there in the middle of Pacific and
I won't be home for a couple of months. So I had to make sure that
I am relying on this. If they get a mission failure, just turn around.
Go home. The army. The army is reliant when they're out of garrison.
If they're out of garrison and there you didn't find on war, okay,
but how money and yes, we've been fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan
for 18 years now, but for the most part, has special operations
right now. That's not a big arm being. Always missions allowed or 23
up, etcetera. Mom, there's a struggle on deploy on my bus. Okay, Take
out the enemy. Returning to garrison. Okay, Navy goes out, spreads
diplomacy. Lets the world know this is what America is all about.
And everyone wants to come to America. Still the number one destination
for the planet.